Stage 1: You are to establish a GitHub page for your group project. Each team should have a single page, and all members should be able to commit files. Your GitHub page should include all project documents. Group members should be making commits to these documents on a regular basis. By looking at the commit history, I should be able to see who has been contributing to the group.

Stage 2: In addition to establishing your repository, you will need to commit your project proposal - a vision statement. This vision statement will need to include the following information:

    What will the product do?
        The product will entertain an individual.
    Why are you creating this particular product?
        We intend to include mechanics and gimicks that we realize are missing from similar games in the market.
    Who will benefit from this product?
        Any individual that enjoys games of the genre will benefit from having a fresh take and a fun time.
    How does the product compare against similar products already on the market?
        As an indie game of limited scope it compares similarly in many ways but very different in several.
            A health bar mechanic which encourages the player to balance risk versus reward as a benefit instead of just as a way to punishment risky behavior.
            A cyberpunk themed story and atmosphere which riffs off of real world events to provide a relatable but driving story and experience.
            

You should frame this vision statement in terms of an elevator pitch:

    For players of side scrolling shooters
    That want a fresh take on their beloved genre
    The product <Principles of Object Oriented Software Development Group Five Project Game>
    That leads to changing the way that players understand the genre of side scrolling shooter's
    Unlike games such as R-Type, Gradius, or Darius
    Our product offers a fresh and modern experience that challenges expectations and rewards it's audience with a novel take on the genre
